Remove unsupported special characters (#2811)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/reference/cron-expressions.md

    <tr>
      <td>Day-of-week</td>
      <td>1 through 7 or SUN through SAT</td>
      <td>, - * ?</td>
    </tr>
  </table>

## Special Characters

> Replicated uses the cron v3 Go library. For more information about usage, see [cron](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/robfig/cron/v3). 

Reviewer: nit: feels like "the cron" implies there is one library to rule them all :)

```suggestion
Replicated uses an external cron Go library. For more information about it's usage, see [cron](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/robfig/cron/v3). 
```

> 

Author: ^ added link to the library
